I saw you spying on me earlier
[Music]
see you tomorrow good
who moves out in the middle of the night
nothing strange about it she wanted to
leave how does that not make sense I
don't understand why she didn't tell me
maybe she didn't like you maybe she
knows you're poor and haven't paid your
rent found some kind of code or like
secret message in her department son you
didn't stay quiet our world is filled
with codes subliminal messages from
Silver Lake to the Hollywood Hills
company of this be connected to Sarah I
know this girl there's a message in the
music this information is what we're
told it is maybe there are people out
there who are more important than us
more powerful communicating things in
the world that are meant for only them
but not for us yeah oh you think that's
weird
a little
welcome to purgatory good to be here
you're living in a carnival hoping to
win a prize what are you gonna win
under the silver
[Music]
you